---
layout: post
title: "eJPT: Week 1"
date: 2021-08-15 11:00:06
description: eJPT Prep
tags:
 - journal
 - eJPT
comments: true
---

As some of you may know, I set out to obtain the eJPT (eLearnSecurity Junior Penetration Tester) certification last week.

Upon recommendation, from Nicholas Werner's review, my study materials will consist of the following:

- [INE - Penetration Testing Student course](https://my.ine.com/CyberSecurity/learning-paths/a223968e-3a74-45ed-884d-2d16760b8bbd/penetration-testing-student)
- [TheCyberMentor - Practical Ethical Hacking course](https://academy.tcm-sec.com/p/practical-ethical-hacking-the-complete-course)
- [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com)

Both of these courses were graciously provided to me for free, for which I am eternally grateful! 

That said, I also encountered a friend along the way via Linkedin by the name of Marvin. He and I both share the same passion for the hacker/cybersecurity community and are going to study together. While we have become colleagues working towards a common goal I must admit unexpectedly we have become the greatest of friends. Truly blessed to count him as a friend.

I plan on constructing a study schedule to guide our progress and linking here but I just have to find the time between everything. Still going to be doing TryHackMe because I'm eager to get the "365-day badge" but I really want to start trying to do more black-box labs. I feel like throwing myself in the ocean and essentially forcing me to swim will result in stressful but profound progress. I say stressful because it places me in an uncomfortable place but that is precisely the catalyst of my growth.

Spent time going over the courses and overall just planning my studying strategy. I will update on my progress as I go along.